---
layout: post
comments: true
title: The Emperor of Ice Cream
tags: favorite
date: 2015-07-06 07:59:00
---

Call the roller of big cigars,    
The muscular one, and bid him whip    
In kitchen cups concupiscent curds.    
Let the wenches dawdle in such dress    
As they are used to wear, and let the boys    
Bring flowers in last month's newspapers.    
Let be be finale of seem.    
The only emperor is the emperor of ice-cream.    
    
Take from the dresser of deal.    
Lacking the three glass knobs, that sheet    
On which she embroidered fantails once    
And spread it so as to cover her face.    
If her horny feet protrude, they come    
To show how cold she is, and dumb.    
Let the lamp affix its beam.    
The only emperor is the emperor of ice-cream.     

### Wallace Stevens

{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
/**
*  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
*  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables*/
/*
var disqus_config = function () {
this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
};
*/
(function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
s.src = '//seven-times-have-i.disqus.com/embed.js';
s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
(d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
})();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>

{% endif %}
